The Joe Rogan experience.
There was some people that got sick and died from the plague really recently,
like within the last couple of months,
because they had eaten a raw Marmot liver.
A Marmot is like some kind of a rodent and they had killed this Marmot and ate
its liver. And this is here in the states.
It was in Mongolia. I thought it was in America.
Mongolian, Mongolian, a couple died. Right.
But they didn't die doing it in America. Thank God.
To make sure that they didn't come here and get it. But it says.
I thought it, I thought the story was, they died over here and like,
they'd come over here and try to, re-enact some sort of, uh, um,
a ritualistic meal where they eat this raw liver
and the ate this raw liver and got the plague sun.
Does it say where it happened? I think it was there. Okay. Um, yeah.
It's like certain.
Countries in Africa, too. There's like a, you can like eat human, right? Like,
like cannibal, like, uh, legally, I don't know if it's legal.
I know there was like a story I read on it or something like that about, uh,
these like places in like Africa. You can like eat human,
this ultimate stoner talk. It really is. Sorry about that place. I know.
I read about it. I'd be read well.
Do you remember the, I don't know if you ever saw this vice piece on Liberia.
Yeah. Vice guide to travel Liberia where they were saying this guy who was his
name was general butt-naked and, uh, general butt-naked,
uh, he'd become a preacher later in life, but when he was young but naked. Yeah.
When he was younger, he would go to war totally naked.
And he would shoot people. Oh, that was in beast of no nation. Was it?
Yeah. Usually based in donation now. Okay. Uh, EGIS Elba.
He plays like an EDM mean or a, um, uh, what's that thing called Kony,
whatever it was. Anyway, he's got these child soldiers basically. And uh, yeah,
they just go from my tribe to tribe and just kill it. They're like,
and they just genocide.
Still a bunch of tribes. Whatever happened with that Kony.
Remember that? I think he's still like a, like a warlord, but.
Do you remember how it was like this gigantic movement?
And it was this big thing and everybody was talking about it.
And then this one guy in San Diego that was a part of starting it.
He wound up being naked, wandering around the street,
masturbating in front of people and some crazy that made him credible.
Then I make that up. He was doing something along those lines. Right. And he,
he basically had a schizophrenia break or a psychotic breaker. I'm not a doctor.
Something went wrong, something went wrong.
Yeah. He blew a foot. That's the cat. Yeah. Uh, they called him tripod in that.
But I think you're talking about the same guy, like when he went to war,
like as a child soldier. Yeah. He was, yeah.
The thing is a different guy because this guy,
his name literally was general butt-naked.
But I think there's a bunch of them that did that. But anyway,
on the Liberia show, he said that he busted these street cart,
guys selling human meat.
And he said he knew because he knew what meat tastes like,
because he had eaten it. What the? So he, that it was human meat.
He knew it wasn't the work. He knew it wasn't beef.
He is crazy by the way, bro. I mean, like they stay self snail.
They have slaves out there.
Just imagine the, the,
the gall of going to the cops and saying that man is selling human meat.
Well, how do you know? I kind of know. Well, because I've eat.
What'd you eat human.
Um, it depends on what you have to do to stay alive. Right. Right.
Like where are you? What's app? Like if you were in that movie alive,
when they're scooping the broken spoke, Donner pass or something like that,
what are you going to do? But then the.
I'm saying like, as a food, like, you know,
you go to like a restaurant as a food. That's what I'm saying. Like,
if they cook it up nice. You know what I mean?
Felt like eaten a dude's foot. You got foot soup.
Or Dick soup, but a Dick burger. Well.
There was one guy. Okay. Was another, there was one guy story,
but there was one guy that I had read about where, uh, online,
he requested that someone kill him and eat him.
Yeah.
And I think it was in Germany. Of course they met together,
got together with the guy,
the guy cut his Dick off and they cooked it and they ate it together.
He ate part of his Dick and then the guy wound up killing him. And um, wait,
wait, wait.
So this guy was alive and they cooked natives Dick. Oh,
he ate his Dick together.
They did. They did it together. So did it was, it was this guy's idea.
He requested it on like Craigslist or one of those things.
Let's cut my Dick off and then we're going to eat it and then you're going to
kill me. And he wanted it. He wanted the guy to eat him too.
And I think the guy did eat some of them.
But there was a question as to whether or not when a person is a lot to eat.
How do you, how do you prosecute that? What do you do? Like if someone said,
I want you to cut my Dick off and you cut their Dick off,
I want to cook it and eat it. And then you both cook it and eat it.
I want you to kill me and eat me. Okay. And they got killed them and eats them.
Like, what is that?
Is that a regular murder? I think I'm reading the same story.
Manslaughter. Oh, they filmed.
It. Yeah. Yeah. They filmed it.
Like him cutting his Dick off and the eating it. Yeah.
I think they filmed the whole murder. What's the threshold.
So it's like a snuff film.
Yeah. Yeah. But the guy requested it. That's gnarly. Yeah.
Is it pull it up so we can, uh, we can read it.
This one from 2003. That's what? I'm not sure.
Yeah. That's the, that's the one. Yeah. Yeah. Yup.
Dine from my live body. Wow. Yeah.
He posted a personal ad saying seeking well-built man,
18 to 30 years old for slaughter
wo for slaughter. He wrote,
I offer myself to you and we'll let you dine from my live body.
Not butchery dining,
whoever really all caps wants to do it.
We'll need a real all caps victim, all caps,
exclamation point there's two started swapping increasingly explicit
emails. And on March 9th, 2001, Braden took a day off work,
never to return. He sold everything. He owned,
including his treasured sports car,
wiped his computer hard drive and bought a one-way ticket to castle near
Frankfurt. Arman met him off the train.
They bought painkillers at a chemical shop and headed back to the house.
At first brand has got cold feet and wanted returned to Berlin
muse said,
but he reconsidered swallowed painkillers and medication to
make him sleepy. He said, now do it.
You sit the video camera rolling and went to work with a kitchen knife. Wow,
dude, we went into the bedroom. How did he say talking about use the bathroom?
How do you say his name's muse?
Emmy muse muse told the police brain is lay in the bath.
So the blood could flow away and Brandice slowly began to lose consciousness.
Muse pass the time, reading a star Trek novel.
When the Berliner finally passed out, Mews cut his throat,
zoomed over a number. He was consumed over a number of months,
the 30 kilos of flesh. He had put in his freezer. Wow.
Hughes went on the internet and search of a new victim. Oh.
So he became like a tastes frustrated that he could only find people looking for
cannibal role-plays muse began boasting about Brandis.
Someone from the chat room,
informed the federal police who swooped in on Armand muse house in
December 10th.
Last surprising the coy cannibal then startling the unsuspecting neighbors.
Ooh, wow. No, that's that a sociopath.
Psychopath.
And you were saying earlier because are you a psychopath or you're a sociopath
at that point. I mean, how do you not feel empathy?
Even for a guy who's telling you to kill you, but you're just looking, you know,
to kill somebody because you have a taste for blood though. It became.
A thing, right? Yeah.
I bet whatever he did during the day was boring.
And I bet that as psychotic as it is, was exciting.
And then he became a serial killer chasing that feeling. Yeah.
What is it, Jamie? What's the matter he's got it.
I found a website that had seven or something. Interesting facts about this guy.
This is the first.
One you saw Ted and ate the peanuts with his victim. Yeah.
That was, that was the story, right? Yeah. Yeah. They, they cooked together.
Sauteed it. Wow. Look at that image. That's not really how.
It went down. Yeah. That's enough though. Does it say like.
What, how they saw the penis.
[Inaudible] for them, either of them to enjoy.
So they proceeded to fry it up with some of his, uh,
flesh and fat and a bit of garlic.
Wow. That's hard. I mean, that's not that's well, I guess it's like,
you're worried about the end, right? And then you just say,
I'm going to take control. I'm going to bring the end on. And here it is,
you got where you were eating my Dick. This is over this doc.
We're eating my day. This is not going to last eat my Dick.
And then he goes into the tub to die out from warm water,
with his Dick hole, bleeding out, just really insane stuff. I mean,
that's really.
It. I mean, to live through that, by the way. Well, you.
Got to think that there's just such a wide range
of crazy people.
And there's some crazy people like that that want to be eaten and some crazy
people want to eat you. And if they find each other, no, that's,
that's the beauty.
Of the internet. You can do that. Now. You couldn't do that back in, you know,
the Donner era or even the, uh,
the nineties with a Brazilian soccer team each other.
Well,
how long do you think that guy could could've kept it together if he just ate
that one dude before he could find another guy? Yeah. We'll let him eat him.
If that was his thing.
What'd he just write exactly.
What do you go? What do you go? Dexter. Okay. And that's what I'm saying.
Like bad people. Yeah. Ooh, that it's terrifying.
I mean the, I mean.
Just to just go there and kill the guy, read a star Trek novel, by the way,
the guy's bleeding out in a tub after.
You ate his Dick. That's some psycho picking Dick out of your teeth.
Not.
That I'm not sharing with you guys. There are pictures of this.
Online. Oh no, no. Don't do this. Yeah. I don't need this. What?
I don't want to say. Yeah. So Dick is to shoot. You're going to say like,
don't do this, whatever you're going to do, don't do this. It said.
The jury seek therapy after they watched the video.
Oh yeah. I bet there's going to be some PTSD.
Of course they did.
He imagined being a juror and they force you to watch that video.
I don't want to see anybody yet. I don't want to see you eat a Dick. And.
You're the only ones watching it. Right.
Because you got to think that it's not like they're broadcasting on tele.
I mean, not.
Fear fact. You guys did it like, uh,
like it was always like the big thing of like eating somebody's penis, right.
Or something. Something.
No one time that eat, right? Yeah. They had to eat like bull Dick,
dear Dick pig, Dick or something like that. I forget what the decor,
but it was a bunch of different kinds of. No,
it's just something so strange.
I had a bit about it that like never in my life that I think that I'd be
standing in front of a girl with a plate full of animal going, you can do it.
Hang in there. Keep going, keep going.
Oh, just you control your mind. Control your mind. Yeah.
Coaching them through it. Right.
Through eating, eating pig, pig, penis, ridiculous pig Dick. But.
It's like you can't, I mean, it's not legal to kill yourself.
It's illegal. Suicide's illegal.
And it's not legal to eat people.
And even if someone tells you to kill them and eat them, you're not allowed to,
even.
In Germany, like even like that because that's assisted suicide. Right.
Technically.
Yeah. But it's cannibalism too. Like we don't allow that. No,
mostly humanity doesn't allow that. Mostly there's some tribes.
There's a few tribes to still practice with them. They that particularly, uh,
I guess I was reading.
I'm just not interested in like learning what, like what a human tastes like.
Well.
It's probably not good. Right? Trail cannibalism.
There's no laws against cannibalism per se. But in most,
if not all states there've been enacted laws that indirectly make it impossible
to legally obtain and consume the body matter.
Well, when you put it that way, yeah. It doesn't sound too appetizer.
If you can get it, the body matters somehow.
Wait a minute. Wasn't there a show on CNN or one of their guys.
They, they wanted him to eat charred flash.
Like he was, uh, examining different religions.
Do you remember something along these lines?
It was like some outrageous thing because like Guppta Sondra or the uh, no,
I don't think it was Sanjay Gupta. It was someone else. There was, they were,
he,
he visited all of these different religions and
people that lived their lives. Different, weird ways.
I know the show you're talking about. Yeah. I don't remember that episode.
God you're right. It wasn't goop that it was a, a, another correspondent.
He eventually got fired for CNN for saying something about Trump,
which is hilarious. Yeah. Yeah.
It was Iceland sparks outrage. After eating human brain in new show,
it takes like charcoal. See the problem with that too,
by eating a human brain. Is that, I mean,
maybe these cults or these tribes or whatever he's involved with does do that.
If the brain has prions,
prions are what gives you mad cow disease. Oh really?
Yeah. Yeah.
Can, yeah. You can get sick from that and die.
Yucks felled crap. What does that name event? Jake. Chuck Jakub.
Jakub crux. Feld disease. Okay. And it's, um,
it's basically mad cow disease and you get it from prions.
Get it from brain tissue. So any, it takes,
they survive like thousands of degrees. Yeah. Crux, felled,
Yacob disease. That's it.
It's a rare degenerative fatal brain disorder and affects about one person.
So some people get it without cannibalism. Um, but it also does happen.
See, one person,
every million worldwide in the United States are about 350 cases per year.
Crazy. So it must be like really charred though. It doesn't matter.
I don't think really. Yeah. I don't think it does. He's still, he's still alive.
Yeah.
He might not have had the prions of someone who has a disease.
But if, if that person did, that's why it, like,
it has to be the temperature that it has to be cooked at.
It's supposed to be insane.
I think prions can survive like more than a thousand degrees for a long period
of time. Okay. And that's one of the fears of like mad cow disease.
Like you really are not going to be able to cook it well enough to keep that
from getting in your bloodstream. Yeah. I see Google.
How long Jamie Google off the, off the chain today,
you got extra a lot of flesh today. Yeah. How well,
what temperature do PRI on surviving?
Cause uh, I think it's more than a thousand degrees and they can still survive,
which I remember reading that going, oh, this is terrible mad cow disease.
Zombies. Zombies.
Yeah, exactly. It depends. I mean, I mean you have.
Your food, so you're not worried about that. You have,
but you shouldn't be because there's a thing called chronic wasting disease and
chronic wasting disease is essentially a form of like mad cow
disease. Like very, very similar type of degenerative disease that affects deer,
that it's affecting an increasing number of them.
They're spreading across the country. Now it hasn't made the jump to humans yet,
but it could.
I don't want to worry you here, but you can't hunt deer.
No more mans can not be destroyed by boiling alcohol assets,
standard autoclaving methods or radiation.
Or radiation. That's what I'm saying.
They're like roaches they'll survive everything. Well, you know what they are.
They're God's poison when God's like E NEF,
like no fire, no flames, no ice, no water. He ain't fixing this.
This is coming in hot.
And this is the you can't Dianes.
Are forever.
Proteins are in the hard to kill hall of fame on maybe more common than we
realize, see, this is what I'm talking about. So these things,
this is what affects people when they get mad cow disease.
And this is also what it affects. Cannibals crux, Feld, Yakup,
or Jakub Cooksville.
Crux, Feld. Okay.
Crux, Feld, Yakup disease, but it affects cannibals.
They found out the cannibals in New Zealand, new Guinea animals in new Guinea,
um, exhibited the same sort of, um, symptoms as people with, uh,
Crossfield, Jakub disease,
Google that German cannibals cannibals that get crux, felled,
Jakub disease, those poor cannibals while they they're heat and brain matter.
Okay. Yeah. Just eat, just eat the flesh fry, the flesh sheet, the booty,
just the only park.
They evolved their resistance to it because.
They were getting so much. Oh my God. That's crazy. Wow.
The cannibalism in one Papa new Guinea tribe led to the spread of a fatal brain
disease called Kourou that caused a devastating epidemic in the group.
But now some members of the tribe carry a gene that appears to protect against
kuru as well as other so-called prion diseases such as mad cow. So they have.
They evolved that generation. Wow. Like a super,
like a super bug life finds a way.